README.md, before:

# Project: CS Professor Home Page

## Introduction

This task is levelling up your CS Professor page, let's break the habit of poorly styled pages and do something different. This is your time to let your creativity shine, be experimental and ultimately find what speaks to your CS Professor personality.

## Your Task

For this project, you're deviating from the CS Professor style to make it yours. You'll need to use the CSS you've learned this week to take your page to the next level.

### Disclaimer

Just like before, since it's a fake page, we've added a disclaimer to the top of the page letting folks know that it's not real. **Leave the disclaimer and its styles alone at the top of the page**, so that no one thinks we're trying to fool them.

## Instructions

**Before you get started**

Prepare what you'll need to build the site. Write down all of the facts and info you'll put on the website. You can use the file `site-plan.md` to take notes, or write things somewhere else. Your site plan will be a good place to plan your theme.

You'll be editing both the `index.html` and `style.css` files, so make sure you're adding the correct code in the correct file.

Using the lessons from this week, make sure your CS Professor page meets the standard for web pages, use the rubric below to make sure you meet the requirements. As mentioned before, you can be creative but more importantly your site needs to be legible, visitors are your first priority.

Draw inspiration from your favorite websites, you can use this list as a starting point:
- https://www.sarasoueidan.com/
- https://lolaodelola.dev
- https://jensimmons.com/
- https://slim.computer/
- https://www.swyx.io/
- https://safiyaunoble.com/bio-cv/
- https://jacky.wtf/about
- https://www.tatianamac.com/about
- http://deniseyu.io/
- https://andymatuschak.org/ (this one is a little complex)

Notice how not all of these sites use white/off-white backgrounds and not all of them use dark grey text, they also all use different visual techniques to draw attention to important text. In this exercise try not to default to the standard and if you do, put your spin on it.

## Rubric

Use this checklist to confirm that you've included everything you need:

- [ ] Use at least two classes
- [ ] Use at least one id

### Typography
- [ ] Choose a heading font with fallbacks
- [ ] Choose a paragraph font with fallbacks
- [ ] Set the line width within the appropriate range
- [ ] Set the font size within the appropriate range
- [ ] Make sure the heading font sizes are appropriate for headings
- [ ] Set the line height within the appropriate range

### Colour
- [ ] Specify a font colour
- [ ] Specify a background colour
- [ ] Include at least 2 other colours for different elements (& element states)
- [ ] Make sure your text and background colours meet the contrast requirements, you can check here: https://colourcontrast.cc/

- [ ] Still has the Disclaimer at the top of the page

Commit message:

rm prof ref; add details about profile pages

README.md, after:

# Project: Your Profile Page

## Introduction

This task is levelling up your CS Professor page, let's break the habit of poorly styled pages and do something different. You're going to be changing this into your profile page. Add some information about yourself, think of it as an online CV, include your education history and hobbies and an image that you think best represents you. This is your time to let your creativity shine and be experimental.

## Your Task

For this project, you're deviating from the CS Professor style to make a full fledged profile page. You'll need to use the CSS you've learned this week to take your page to the next level.

### Disclaimer

Just like before, since it's a fake page, we've added a disclaimer to the top of the page letting folks know that it's not real. **Leave the disclaimer and its styles alone at the top of the page**, so that no one thinks we're trying to fool them.

## Instructions

**Before you get started**

Prepare what you'll need to build the site. Write down all of the facts and info you'll put on the website. You can use the file `site-plan.md` to take notes, or write things somewhere else. Your site plan will be a good place to plan your theme.

You'll be editing both the `index.html` and `style.css` files, so make sure you're adding the correct code in the correct file.

Using the lessons from this week, make sure your profile page meets the standard for web pages, use the rubric below to make sure you meet the requirements. As mentioned before, you can be creative but more importantly your site needs to be legible, visitors are your first priority.

Draw inspiration from your favourite websites, you can use this list as a starting point:
- https://www.sarasoueidan.com/
- https://lolaodelola.dev
- https://jensimmons.com/
- https://slim.computer/
- https://www.swyx.io/
- https://safiyaunoble.com/bio-cv/
- https://jacky.wtf/about
- https://www.tatianamac.com/about
- http://deniseyu.io/
- https://andymatuschak.org/ (this one is a little complex)

Notice how not all of these sites use white/off-white backgrounds and not all of them use dark grey text, they also all use different visual techniques to draw attention to important text. In this exercise try not to default to the standard and if you do, put your spin on it.

## Rubric

Use this checklist to confirm that you've included everything you need:

- [ ] Use at least two classes
- [ ] Use at least one id
- [ ] Information about yourself
- [ ] An image that properly represents you
- [ ] A list of your education history

### Typography
- [ ] Choose a heading font with fallbacks
- [ ] Choose a paragraph font with fallbacks
- [ ] Set the line width within the appropriate range
- [ ] Set the font size within the appropriate range
- [ ] Make sure the heading font sizes are appropriate for headings
- [ ] Set the line height within the appropriate range

### Colour
- [ ] Specify a font colour
- [ ] Specify a background colour
- [ ] Include at least 2 other colours for different elements (& element states)
- [ ] Make sure your text and background colours meet the contrast requirements, you can check here: https://colourcontrast.cc/

- [ ] Still has the Disclaimer at the top of the page
